Fix typo `let` -> `const` (#11703)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/building_blocks/functions/index.md

}
```

> Both functions you want to call are called `greeting()`, but you can only ever access the `first.js` file's `greeting()` function (the second one is ignored). In addition, attempting to declare the `name` variable a second time with the `const` keyword in the `second.js` file results in an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both functions you want to call are called `greeting()`, but you can only ever access the `first.js` file's `greeting()` function (the second one is ignored). In addition, an error results when attempting (in the `second.js` file) to assign a new value to the `name` variable — because it was already declared with `const`, and so can’t be reassigned.
```
…because although the example code does happen to use `const` to try to re-assign the variable, it also wouldn’t work even if the example instead used `let` or `var`.
